[Draft only] Specification v2 (#28)
gnosis/dex-research: dFusion/dFusion.rst

A specification developed by Gnosis.

> The following specification describes a scalable fully decentralized exchange with decentralized order matching. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following specification describes a scalable, fully decentralized exchange with decentralized order matching. 
```

> Scalability is achieved by storing only hashed information onchain and allowing any bonded party to propose state-transitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalability is achieved by storing only hashed information on-chain and allowing any bonded party to propose state-transitions.
```

> Predefined on-chain verification smart contracts allow any client to generate fraud proofs and thereby revert invalid state transitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-deployed on-chain verification smart contracts allow any client to generate fraud proofs and thereby revert invalid state transitions.
```

Orders are matched in a batch auction with an arbitrage-free price clearing technique developed by Gnosis: `Uniform Clearing Prices <https://github.com/gnosis/dex-research/blob/master/BatchAuctionOptimization/batchauctions.pdf>`_.

Summary
=======

> The envisioned exchange will enable **K** (in the magnitue of 2**24) accounts to trade via limit orders between **T** (in the magnitude of 2**10) predefined ERC20 tokens.

Reviewer: Are we really ready to start claiming 2^10 tokens? When did this happen?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The envisioned exchange will enable **K** (in the magnitude of 2**24) accounts to trade via limit orders between **T** (in the magnitude of 2**10) predefined ERC20 tokens.
```

> The envisioned exchange will enable **K** (in the magnitue of 2**24) accounts to trade via limit orders between **T** (in the magnitude of 2**10) predefined ERC20 tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The envisioned exchange will enable **K** (in the magnitude of 2^24) accounts to trade via limit orders between **T** (in the magnitude of 2^10) predefined ERC20 tokens.
```

> Limit orders are collected onchain in an orderstream and subsets of these orders are matched in batches, with each batch containing up to **M** (in the magnitude of 2**10) orders. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limit orders are collected on-chain in an order-stream and subsets of these orders are matched in batches, with each batch containing up to **M** (in the magnitude of 2^10) orders. 
```

Reviewer: I change the exponent here, because ** is used to denote the beginning of a bold tesxt environment. Should probably be changed everywhere.

Orders within a batch can be matched directly (e.g. an order trading token A for B against another order trading token B for A) or in arbitrarily long "ringtrades" (e.g. an order trading token A for B, with another one trading token B for C, with a third one trading token C for A).

The matching process is decentralized.
After orders have been collected over at least a certain amount of time, a batch is frozen and any sufficiently bonded participant can suggest a matching of orders in the current batch.

If more than one solution is submitted within a certain amount of time after the batch closes, the one that generates the largest "trader utility" (detailed explanation below, for now think "trading volume") is selected and executed.
For this, the party whose solution proposal was selected must post sufficient information on-chain, so that other participants can quickly validate.

> Anyone can point out incorrect solutions on-chain within the so called *finalization* period .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can point out incorrect solutions on-chain within the so called *finalization* period.
```

> Within this finalization period, callouts are facilitated via so called fraud proofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within this finalization period, callouts are facilitated via _fraud proofs_.
```

> For any non-satisfied constraints of a solution (specified in detail below), a specific fraud proof can be generated and the fraud can be validated onchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any non-satisfied constraints of a solution (specified in detail below), a specific fraud proof can be generated and the fraud can be validated on-chain.
```

Due to the nature of fraud proofs, the system sets a crypto-economic incentive to only post valid solutions.

State stored in the smart contract
==================================

> For each account, ERC20 token balances are represted in a Merkle tree constructed by the sha-hash operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each account, ERC20 token balances are represented in a Merkle tree constructed by the sha-hash operation.
```

This "compressed" representation of all account balances by the Merkle root - called the balance-state-hash - is collision resistant and can thus be used to uniquely commit to the complete "uncompressed" state containing all balances explicitly. 
The "uncompressed" state will be stored off-chain and all state transitions will be announced via smart contract events. 
Thus, the full state will be fully reproducible for any participant by replaying all blocks since the creation of the smart contract. 
The following diagram shows how the "compressed" balance-state-hash is constructed:

.. image:: balance-state-hash.png

To allow **K** to be small, a bi-map of an accounts public key (on-chain address) to its **accountId** will be stored in the anchor contract as well. 

> The account index can be used to locate a users token balances in the Merkle-tree representing the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The account index can be used to locate a users token balances in the Merkle tree representing the state.
```

Furthermore, we store a bi-map of token address to its index **0 <= t <= T**, for each token that can be traded on the exchange.
When specifying tokens inside orders, deposits and withdrawel requests, we use the token's index **0 <= t <= T** instead of the full address.

As limit orders and deposits and withdrawal requests are collected they are not directly stored in the smart contract.
Doing so would require a **SSTORE** EVM instruction for each item.
This would be too gas-expensive.

> Instead the smart contract emits a smart contract event containing the relevant order information (account_id, from_token, to_token, buy_Amount, sell_Amount) and stores a rolling SHA hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead the smart contract emits an event containing the relevant order information `(accountId, sellToken buyToken, buyAmount, sellAmount)` and stores a rolling SHA hash.
```

For a new order, the rolling hash is computed by hashing the previous rolling hash with the current order.

> Only after **O** orders are hashed via this rolling hash, the smart contract saves an ordercheckpoint hash, which is the current rolling hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only after **O** orders are hashed via this rolling hash, the smart contract saves an order-checkpoint hash, which is the current rolling hash.
```

> Storing ordercheckpoints allows to quickly lookup orders for later verification processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storing order-checkpoints allows to quickly lookup orders for later verification processes.
```

Any participants can apply pending deposit and withdrawal requests to the current account balance state.
To do so, they provide a new state commitment that represents all account balances after the application of pending requests.

> Moreover, as the new state is stored on the smart contract, pending requests are not reseted directly, only after a longer finalization period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, as the new state is stored on the smart contract, pending requests are not reset directly, only after a longer finalization period.
```

State stored in the smart contract
==================================

> For each account, ERC20 token balances are represted in a Merkle tree constructed by the sha-hash operation.

Reviewer: "represented"

> This "compressed" representation of all account balances by the Merkle root - called the balance-state-hash - is collision resistant and can thus be used to uniquely commit to the complete "uncompressed" state containing all balances explicitly. 

Reviewer: Suggestion: "... by the Merkle root, called the *balance state hash*, is collision..."

Reviewer: Perhaps we can use the word "succinct" instead of compressed?

The "uncompressed" state will be stored off-chain and all state transitions will be announced via smart contract events. 
Thus, the full state will be fully reproducible for any participant by replaying all blocks since the creation of the smart contract. 

> The following diagram shows how the "compressed" balance-state-hash is constructed:

Reviewer: I'm not fond of the hyphens here...

.. image:: balance-state-hash.png

To allow **K** to be small, a bi-map of an accounts public key (on-chain address) to its **accountId** will be stored in the anchor contract as well. 

> The account index can be used to locate a users token balances in the Merkle-tree representing the state.

Reviewer: Merkle tree

Furthermore, we store a bi-map of token address to its index **0 <= t <= T**, for each token that can be traded on the exchange.
When specifying tokens inside orders, deposits and withdrawel requests, we use the token's index **0 <= t <= T** instead of the full address.

As limit orders and deposits and withdrawal requests are collected they are not directly stored in the smart contract.
Doing so would require a **SSTORE** EVM instruction for each item.
This would be too gas-expensive.

> Instead the smart contract emits a smart contract event containing the relevant order information (account_id, from_token, to_token, buy_Amount, sell_Amount) and stores a rolling SHA hash.

Reviewer: "... the smart contract emits an event"

Reviewer: `(accountId, sellToken buyToken, buyAmount, sellAmount)`

Since price finding and order matching is a computationally expensive task, the account state must not change while the optimization problem is ongoing, as this could potentially invalidate correct solutions (e.g. a withdraw could lead to insufficient balance for a matched trade).
As soon as the matching of a closed batch is applied, pending withdrawls and deposits can again be applied to the state.

To summarize, here is a list of state that is stored inside the smart contract:

> - Merkle-root-state-hash of all token balances 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merkle root state hash of all token balances 
```

- Bi-Map of accounts public keys (ethereum addresses) to dƒusion accountId
- Bi-Map of ERC20 token addresses to internal dƒusion tokenId that the exchange supports
- Several rolling hashes of pending orders, withdrawls and deposit requests (SHA)

> - Map of stateTransitionId to pair of "valid withdrawel requests merkle-root" (SHA) and bitmap of already claimed withdraws

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Map of stateTransitionId to pair of "valid withdrawal requests merkle root" (SHA) and bitmap of already claimed withdraws
```

> 0. Account opening, deposits & withdrawals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Account registration, deposits & withdrawals
```

On-Chain order collection
-------------------------

> All orders are encoded as limit sell orders: **(accountId, fromTokenIndex, toTokenIndex, buyAmount, sellAmount, validUntilAuctionId, flagIsBuy, flagIsCancelation, signature)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All orders are encoded as limit sell orders: **(accountId, buyTokenId, sellTokenId, buyAmount, sellAmount, validUntilAuctionId, flagIsBuy, flagIsCancelation, signature)**.
```

> The order should be read in the following way: the user occupying the specified *accountId* would like to sell the token *fromTokenIndex* for *toTokenIndex* for at most the ratio *buyAmount* / *sellAmount*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order should be read in the following way: the user occupying the specified *accountId* would like to sell the token *buyTokenId* for *sellTokenId* for at most the ratio *buyAmount* / *sellAmount*.
```

Additionally, the user would like to buy at most *buyAmount* tokens if the *flag_isBuy* is true, otherwise, he would like to sell at most *sellAmount* tokens.
Any placed order is placed into an order stream, a queue data type.

> Any order in the orderstream is valid until the auction with the id *validUntilAuctionId* is reached or the order is popped out of the queue data, due to a new insert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any order in the order stream is valid until the auction with the id *validUntilAuctionId* is reached or the order is popped out of the queue data, due to a new insert.
```

> Additionally, an order can be resubmitted with the positive *flagIsCancelation* and then the order is also considered to be canceled. 

Reviewer: Can we call this `cancelationFlag`

It does not matter, whether the cancelation order is before or after the actual order, in any case, the order is canceled.
If we would not have this logic, then anyone could just replay canceled orders.

> The order stream is queue able to hold 2**24 placed orders or order cancelations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order stream is a queue able to hold 2^24 placed orders or order cancelations.
```

> The order stream is finite, as any solutions need to index orders with a certain amount of bits (24).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order stream is finite, as any solutions need to index orders with a fixed number of bits (24).
```

> Orders in the order stream are batched into smaller batches of size 2**7, and for each of these batches, the rolling order hash is stored on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orders in the order stream are batched into smaller batches of size 2^7, and for each of these batches, the rolling order hash is stored on-chain.
```

> Each solution will just be able to consider the orders from the order stream stored in the last 2**(24-7) rolling order batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each solution will just be able to consider the orders from the order stream stored in the last 2^(24-7) rolling order batches.
```

Reviewer: Where did this number come from? I am not exactly sure I understand what this sentence means.

Author: The ordersteam has 2**24 orders, which are considered. 
But each 2**7 orders we store the rolling hash, so in total, we have 2**24/2**7 batches

The *signature* must sign the order with the private key of the *accountID*.

The anchor smart contract on ethereum will offer the following function:

.. code:: js

    function appendOrders(bytes [] orders) { 
        // some preliminary checks limiting the number of orders..

        // update of orderHashSha
        for(i=0; i<orders.length; i++){
            if("check signature and batchID of order") {
                // hash order without signature

>                 byte32 oldHashSha = orderHashSha[orderBatchCount]

Reviewer: what is `orderBatchCount`? Is this `auctionId`?

Author: Order stream is made of several orderBatches. Here we just have a counter for the orderbatches

                orderHashSha[orderBatchCount] = Kecca256(oldHashSha, orders[i]) 
                emit OrderSubmitted(orders[i], orderHashSha[orderBatchCount])
                if(orderBatchCount % 2**7){
                    orderBatchCount++;
                }
            }
        }
    }

> This function will update the rolling hash of pending orders, chaining all orders with a valid signature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will update the rolling hash of pending orders, chaining all orders with a valid signature and is callable by any party.
```

> This function is callable by any party. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

It is possible that “decentralized operators” accept orders from users, bundle them and then submit them all together in one function call. 
This allows for big gas savings, when batching multiple orders together.

Notice, that the orders are only sent over as transaction payload, but will not be “stored” in the EVM (to save gas).
All relevant information is emitted as events.
This will allow any participant to reproduce all orders of the current batch by replaying the ethereum blocks since batch creation and filtering them for these events.

Also notice, the system allows orders, which might not be covered by any balance of the order sender. 
These orders will be sorted out later in the settlement of an auction. 
During the auction settlement, only a subset of the orderstream is actually considered and can be settled.

Any order once touched in a solution will also never be considered as a valid order, as we can not differeniate between intentially replayed orders and maliciously replayed ordres.

Finding the batch price: optimization of batch trading utility (off-chain)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

> After a certain time-frame, anyone can trigger a "batch-freeze" and the a snap-shot of the latest orderstream is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a certain time-frame, anyone can trigger a "batch-freeze" and a snap-shot of the latest order-stream is made.
```

A new batch could immediately start collecting new orders while the previous one is being processed.
To process a batch, participants compute the uniform clearing price maximizing the trading utility between all trading pairs. 

> The traders utility of an order is defined as the difference between the uniform clearning price and the limit price, multipied by the volume of the order with respect to some reference token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The trader's utility of an order is defined as the difference between the uniform clearing price and the limit price, multiplied by the volume of the order with respect to some reference token. 
```

The exact procedure is described `here <https://github.com/gnosis/dex-research/blob/master/BatchAuctionOptimization/batchauctions.pdf>`_. 

> Calculating the uniform clearing prices is an np-hard optimization problem and most likely the global optimum will not be found in the pre-defined short time frame of 3-10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calculating the uniform clearing prices is an np-hard optimization problem and most likely the global optimum will not be found in the pre-defined time frame of 3-10 minutes.
```

> While we are unlikely to find a global optimum, the procedure is still fair, as everyone can submit their best solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While finding the global optimum is unlikely, the procedure is still fair since anyone can submit their best solution.
```

> However, many heuristic approaches might exist to find reasonable solutions in a short timeframe.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't go along with the previous.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Since posting the complete solution (all prices and traded volumes) would be too gas expensive to put on-chain for each candidate solution, participants only submit the 'traders utility' they claim there solution is able to achieve, the new balance-state-hash after the auction settlement and a bond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since posting the complete solution (all prices and traded volumes) would be too gas expensive to put on-chain for each candidate solution, participants only submit the 'traders utility' they claim there solution is able to achieve, the new balance-state-hash after the auction settlement along with a bond.
```

> The anchor contract will collect the best submissions for **C** minutes and will select the solution with the maximal 'traders utility' as the proposed solution. 

Reviewer: What does "C" stand for here?

Author: collection-period

> This proposed solution will become a - for the present being - a valid solution, if the solution submitter will load all details of his solution on-chain within another **C/2** minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposed solution will be (for the time being) a valid solution, if the solution submitter will load all details of his solution on-chain within another **C/2** minutes.
```

If he does not do it, he will slashed and in the next **C/2** minutes anyone can submit another full solution and the best fully submitted solution will be accepted by the anchor contract.

This means the uniform clearing price of the auction is calculated in a permission-less decentralized way.  
Each time a solution is submitted to the anchor contract, the submitter also needs to bond themselves so that they can be penalized if their solutions later turns out incorrect.
In return for their efforts, solution providers will be rewarded with a fraction of transaction fees that are collected for each order.

Providing data for fraud proofs of solutions
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

> The submitter of a solution needs to post the full solution into the ethereum chain as calldata payload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The submitter of a solution must post the full solution onto the ethereum chain as calldata/payload. 
```

The payload will contain: (new balance-state-hash, prices, touched orders, trading volume per order, intermediate state hashes).
The solution is a new balance-state-hash with the updated account balances, a price vector **P**:

=================  =================  =====  ================= 
                   Index_1            ...    Index_S
=================  =================  =====  =================
(price, index)     P_1, token_index   ...    P_S, token_index
=================  =================  =====  =================

> of all prices relative to a reference token **Token_1** with token_index = 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of all prices relative to a reference token **Token_0** with `token_index = 0`.
```

The maximal size of the array is the total amount of tokens registed in the anchor contract.
Though it is expected that only a small fraction of tokens is actually touched and has a positive trading volume.
All tokens with a positive trading volume are required to be listed in the vector and have a well defined price.

Since prices are arbitrage-free, we can calculate the **price Token_i: Token_k** =  **(Token_i:Token_1):(Token_1:Token_k)**.
Each price is a 32-bit number and each token_index is a 10-bit number.

The touched orders is a vector of the following format:

=================  =================  =====  ================= 
                   Index_1            ...      Index_K
=================  =================  =====  =================
orders             orderIndex_1       ...    orderIndex_K
=================  =================  =====  =================

> The orderIndex is always referring to the orderIndex in the orderstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The orderIndex is always referring to the order's index in the order-stream.
```

Since during the batch closing a snap-shot of the latest order batch is taken, we can refer to any order in the stream relative to that snap-shot.

> The orderIndex 2**24 will reference to the last order in the batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The orderIndex 2^24 will reference to the last order in the batch.
```

> And the orderIndex 0 will refere to the order submitted 2**24 order before the last one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And the orderIndex 0 will refer to the order submitted 2^24 order before the last one.
```

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence.

Each orderIndex is a 24 bit number.

The size of orders in the batch is bound by the amount of orders that we can verify on-chain within one fraud-proof.
Currently, the limit should be 1024 orders.

> Solutons with any K< 2**10 can be valid solutions and maximizing the traders utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solutons with any K < 2^10 can be valid solutions and maximizing the traders utility.
```

Reviewer: What is K here?

> Along with the orders, the solution submitter also has to post a vector **V** of **buyVolumes** and **sellVolumes** for each order:

Reviewer: I believe we should be using `Amounts` here rather than `Volumes`. This is due to the fact that one of them is in reference to the unit amount of execution where the other (volume) is with respect to price. `volume = amount * price`

=========  =======  ===  =======
 V         order_1  ...  order_K  
=========  =======  ===  =======
buyVolume  o_1      ...  o_K
=========  =======  ===  =======
sellVolume  s_1      ...  s_K
=========  =======  ===  =======

Each Volume is a 32 bit float number.

> Theoretically, it would be sufficient to provide only the **sellVolumes** and then caculate the **buyVolumes** from the prices. 

Reviewer: Interesting point! 😎

Reviewer: Except practically we will have a slight loss of precision...

> However, then rounding errors could happen, which will also effect the constraints of the optimization problem in unforseen ways and finding a solution generally becomes harder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, then rounding errors could happen, which could affect the constraints of the optimization problem in unforeseen ways and finding a solution generally becomes harder.
```

Hence, we provide both volumes.

Furthermore, for the feasibility of the fraud proofs, intermediate state-hashes need to be provided.

> Intermediate state-hashes are a mixture of temporary variables for the order processing ( such as current trader utility and total buyVolume - sellVolume per token) and the intemediate state root hashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intermediate state-hashes are a mixture of temporary variables for the order processing (such as current trader utility and total buyVolume - sellVolume per token) and the intermediate state root hashes.
```

.. image:: intermediate-state-hash.png

The number of intermediate hashes depends on the amount of orders in a solution. 
The exact number will be optimized at a later state, but roughly the number will be around _amount_of_orders_ / 5 .

> The new state is optimistically assumed correct and only fraud proofs can invalidate them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated state are optimistically assumed correct and can only be invalidated by fraud proofs. 
```

All data is provided as data payload to the anchor contract which will hash them together into **hashBatchInfo** (which is also stored as transition metadata).
With this hash the solution is unambiguously "committed" on-chain with a minimum amount of gas.
If someone challenges the solution later, the smart contract can verify that a proof is for this particular solution by requiring that the private inputs to the proof hash to the values stored metadata.

The full uncompressed solution is also emitted as a smart contract event so that everyone can check whether the provided solution is actually a valid one. 

Fraud-Proofs for auction settlements
====================================

There are a variety of fraud-proofs:

> State Transition & Utility & Conservation of value updates 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State Transition, Utility & Conservation of Value Updates 
```

---------------------------------------------------------
- Reprovide the solution as payload

> - For each order processed, verify the order from orderstream by reconstructing the stored order rolling hash of the referenced batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each order processed, verify the order from order-stream by reconstructing the stored order rolling hash of the referenced batch
```

- Verify hashed volume calldata matches committed volume hash of solution

> - For each volume:

Reviewer: This looks like it should be a beginning of a nested list...

- Find the account + buy and sell token balance of the order belonging to this volume
- verify merkle path of buy token balance to current state root
- add buy volume to buy token balance
- recompute intermediate-state-root with updated buy token leaf
- update the trader's utility and token volumes according to the trade
- recompute intermediate-state-root with updated token volume leaf and trader's utility
- do the same for sell token balance (but subtract sell volume)
- Check that resulting hash is equal to newAccountRootHash of the solution.

State Transition
----------------
- verify via a merkle proof that the last intermediate-state-root does not hold the the claimed new-balance-state-root

Utility
-------
- verify via a merkle proof that the last intermediate-state-root does not hold the claimed utility

> Conservation of value

Reviewer: The description of this seems somewhat understated. As the code is currently written, the conservation of value proof is for a specific token.

- verify merkle proof results in newAccountRootHash of the solution
- check value < 0

Prices Coherence
----------------
- Provide volumes, prices and orders as well as index of order that is bad as calldata
- Verify order/volume/price calldata hash matches solution's order/volume/price hash
- Check at index if buyVolume/sellVolume ≠ price(buyToken)/price(sellToken)

Limit price & amount compliance
-------------------------------
- Provide volumes, prices and orders as well as index of order that is bad as calldata
- Verify order/volume/price hash matches committed order/volume/price hash
- Check at index if buyVolume/sellVolume >= order.buyAmount/order.sellAmount
- Check at index if buyVolume >= order.buyAmount && sellVolume <= order.sellAmount

Order validity
--------------
- provide unique reference to invalid order in solution
- reconstruct the order by on-chain reconstructing its rolling order hash
- show that order validity is no longer valid in current batch

Order cancelation
-----------------
- provide unique reference to canceled order in solution
- provide unique reference to cancelation: provide index and stored rolling order hash for cancelation

> - verify that cancelation happend after order placement

Author: Thanks for highlighting this point.
-> actually, we just check that the cancelation was within the order stream of the last 2**24 orders counted from the auction closing.

However, the order cancelation could also happen before the actual order, and still, we want cancelation to be valid (as orders could be replayed).

- verify that cancelation is valid by reconstructing rolling order hash

> Order already settled in previous auction

Author: >Is an order considered settled once it is touched with an epsilon? 
Yes. 
It is a shitty user experience, but for simplicity, I guess it is the best for now.

It does not matter, whether the cancelation order is before or after the actual order, in any case, the order is canceled.
If we would not have this logic, then anyone could just replay canceled orders.

> The order stream is queue able to hold 2**24 placed orders or order cancelations.

Reviewer: The order stream is a queue able to hold

The order stream is finite, as any solutions need to index orders with a certain amount of bits (24).
Orders in the order stream are batched into smaller batches of size 2**7, and for each of these batches, the rolling order hash is stored on-chain.
Each solution will just be able to consider the orders from the order stream stored in the last 2**(24-7) rolling order batches.

> The *signature* must sign the order with the private key of the *accountID*.

Reviewer: This sentence has been made less informative than it was. I suggest this be reverted.

This function will update the rolling hash of pending orders, chaining all orders with a valid signature. 
This function is callable by any party. 

> It is possible that “decentralized operators” accept orders from users, bundle them and then submit them all together in one function call. 

Reviewer: We lost our "however" here. Can we check that this sentence is still tied to the previous one?

> This function would update the **state** by incorporating the deposits received from **blockNr** to **blockNr+19**.

Reviewer: This does not seem to be relevant any longer.
